---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: U1 basics technical
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-09-13
labels:
  - Questions
  - Answers
  - StackOverflow
---

My experience working on the WODs was very eventful and a great learning experience. I would be lying if I said that I had no problems and completed them fine. For BrowserHistory1, I went into the assignment thinking that it would be easy, based on how the labs went in class. However, I found out quick that I easily missed simple things since I did not have something to follow. I tried doing the assignment on my own the very first time and ran out of time when I was barely over halfway. So then I decided to touch back and read the readings over to see what exactly each code meant. After that, I leisurely walked through the steps by myself slowly and I know for a fact I was in the DNF time limit. However, by going slow and really seeing and walking through what I was doing, I was able to understand what I coding and what it was actually doing. 

Browser history 2 was a little bit simpler for me. I remember the process from what we did in lab during class. Like the first WOD, I tried right away to just do it from memory and knowledge. However, of course there was mistakes. After the second attempt, I ended up watched the video to see how efficient the process could be. After watching the video, I came to realize that I made simple mistakes and syntax errors. So, my third attempt was easy to fix and I was happy with the time and results. 

Browser history 3 was definitely the most challenging and most frustrating. I had no idea where to start, so I immediately went back to look at the readings and screencasts. However, my first attempt was way over the DNF. After 2 tries I finally had to look at the help video. This helped clarify a lot of things, but of course there was still problems when I tried the third time. This assignment was hard at many times and trying to do it within the time was frustrating. By the 4th time, I was able to finish within the time. However, I made simple mistakes that made the process longer. Because of the simple mistakes, I wanted to keep trying to get a faster time. And by my last attempt, I was satisfied with the results. 

I think the most important thing to remember while working on the WODs is that it is ok to get frustrated and to take a break when needed. There were many times when I was too frustrated to keep trying, but it helped to take a break and try again with a new attitude. It is also not a bad thing to have to look stuff up and try multiple times until you succeed. 


