---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4 Progress in Programming
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-11-23
labels:
  - Questions
  - Answers
  - StackOverflow
---

To start, my programming skills have improved so much over the course of this semester. I am also a lot more confident in using the programming skills as well. Before this class, I was very lost on what was being taught and when to use it all. However, I have came to find out that it is important to learn and read about all the code and to just look up things if you are unsure. 

One thing that I need to improve on is to not always just copy the code without understanding what exactly it does. It is important to know what you are doing when you use code, and not simply just write something down. I also need to improve on not giving up when something does not have the right outcome. It is very easy to just give up and not try, but if we just thing about what we are trying to do, we can usually work through the problem. 

I have honeslty learned a lot from the WOD's. At first, I did find myself copying quit a bit of them, but after the first one I started to only watch them if I really got stuck. The WOD's were very helpful because it made me use the code and content that was overall needed for the assignment, which was really helpful. 

The labs often went ok for me. In class, I often found myself behind which made it hard for me to follow along and complete the lab. However, having the recored lecture really helped because I was able to go back a look over the stuff that I had missed. I also looked back at a lot of the labs when it came to assignment 1, which helped me review how to do stuff that met the assignment requirments. 

Assignment 1 was definetly a challange at times. It took a lot of time and effort to complete it. I did not meet every requirement however, so I am not as confident as I would have hoped to be. I feel prepared for assignment 2, I just need to really focus and take the time to work through every part. 

I think that this class had a good work load, and the assignments that were given did help me learn. However, I think it would be a bit easier to learn if the class was in person. I think I learned the most by watching the screencasts and the lectures by doing the labs. 
