---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5. Assignment 2 Reflection
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-12-07
labels:
  - Questions
  - Reflection
  - Assignment 2
---

Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details

Assignment 2, was overall a way for use to create a website that allows users to login,register and purchase items. The server was designed so that it kept track of user validation data for logging in as well as registering. 

What did you learn from this assignment?
I learned a lot of things from this assignment. One thing that I learned is that everything connects, so it was very important that I fixed all the msitakes from assingment 1. However, I also learned a lot about how to validate data, as well as show error messages. 

Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself

No partner 
\
How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
When I needed help, I either looked back in the lectures/labs or I asked professor Port for help. I needed help with some of the format of certain functions. 

How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?

This assignment was different than assignment 1 because it had to do with a lot more code within the server, and I was able to understand it a little bit more this assignment. 

Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?

I spent about 15% thinking about how to do something, 20% writing the code and the rest testing and debugging. I felt pretty confident about writing and creating the login/registration pages, but debugging did take me a while. 

If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?

If I could go back, I would honestly ask for help when I knew I was not able to figure something out. I was a bit shy asking for help because I often wanted to figure it out on my own and not be a hassle to ask others for help. I would also plan out the design and execution before I started to try lots of code. 
