---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6. Assignment 3 Reflection/Evalutation
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-12-15
labels:
  - Evaluation
  - Reflection
  - Assignment 3
---

1.	Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
I designed a soccer store that sold soccer cleats, soccer balls, uniforms and other accessories. 
2.	Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
I did come across some problems and was not able to implement a couple of features. The main issue I had was I was not fully able to make it so the user could add items in the cart. It looks like it works, but when the user actually clicks to confirm the purchase, the numbers do not change. I am not very proud about not having this work, but I think I did everything else successfully. 
3.	Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
I think I am most proud about how I was able to display the user’s name and other information on the page, due to the data being stored in a cookie or a session. I really liked how it made the page super personal and the code for writing it was very simple but very tedious when it came to the variables and names. I am also proud of how my pages were layed out. 
4.	Describe what you are least happy with your system:
I think I am least happy about the overall design of my website. The design looks good, but I think if I spent more time I could have made it look even better. I really wanted to add more effects and little design elements, but I focused on the actual requirements of the assignment. 
5.	How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
This assignment was different from assignment 2 because it overall made it possible to minimize code. I noticed that a lot of code that I have had written was no longer needed. It was really nice and rewarding to see how I could remove certain functions and have everything still work. 
6.	When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
When I ran into a problem, the first thing that I would do was look at simple mistakes such as syntax errors or typos. I also tried to look up the documentation on the internet as well. When I could not figure anything out after a while, I would ask Professor Port for help. 
7.	Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
What worked well in this assignment is that the use of the lab and class examples were really helpful when it came to what exactly we needed to put/use for the requirements. I also liked how we had the choice of how to display messages, and how to make the pages personalized. I think that helped me a lot because it opened up different ways for me to do things. 
8.	Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
I think for this assignment, I just overall started too late. It was a very busy week with schoolwork, and I did not manage my time the best. I was not as prepared as I should have been or had as much time as I did with the other assignments. 
9.	What did you learn from doing this assignment?
I learned that everything overall goes together. That it is really important that you plan ahead and think about what you want to do, and how exactly you are going to do it. At first, I did not really think ahead, and I just started working on the assignment. I very quickly stopped myself to plan out everything. I found myself overwhelmed since I didn’t have a plan and just started working. I also learned that there are many ways do things, and you ultimately just have to find the way that makes sense to you. 
10.	If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
If I could go back, I would just start earlier and plan ahead. I have a bad habit of jumping around and trying to do different things at once without really knowing exactly how I am going to do it. This is not a good thing for these projects because in order to execute code you need to understand what you are doing. 
11.	Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging 
I think I spent about 30% of my time testing and debugging because I wanted to make sure everything really worked since I was still learning the concepts. I think I spent around 40% thinking about how to do something and what needed to be done. And I spent 30% writing the code itself. 
12.	Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)
I did not have a partner. 

